README.md, before:

# DevelUp
A fullstack application that allows users to create flash cards and organize them by categories. Inside each category will have a list of decks. For example, inside a Web Developer catergory there might be a deck for React and Node.
Inside each deck will have a series of cards that contain questions of varying difficulties. A user can submit their answers to the questions and then the actual answer will be revealed. A user can utilize the app to see what topics they understand and what topics they need to improve on.
It's time to DevelUp! 

## User Stories
* As an unregistered user, I would like to sign up with name, username, email, and password
* As a registered user, I would like to sign in with email and password

##### As a signed in user: 
* I would like to be able to change my name and or username
* I would like to be able to add a profile picture
* I would like to be able to sign out
* I would like to see a list of card decks to study
* I would like the ability to add certain decks to my favorites
* I would like to have my own profile page which displays my favorite decks
* I would like to remove decks from my favorites list
* I would like to see the cards that are inside the decks
  - see the questions on the cards
  - after submitting see the actual answer

## Installation Instructions
- TBD

## Tech Used
* NodeJS
* Express
* React
* MongoDB
* Bootstrap


## [noSQL] Data Model Diagram

![and RD](DevelUp-ERD.png)

# RESTful Routing
| Method | Path | Purpose |
| ------ | -------------- | -------------------------------- |
| GET | / | home page that allows user to sign in or sends user to create an account |
| POST | /login | user signs in |
| POST | /register | creates a new user |
| GET  | /profile | renders the profile page |
| PUT  | /profile | updating username and profile picture | 
| GET | /category | page that shows all the categories|
| GET | /category/:id | page that shows all of the decks of that category|
| PUT | /category/:id/:id | user can favorite a deck |
| GET | /profile | users can see all favorite decks |
| DELETE | /profile | user can delete a favorite |

# Stretch RESTful Routing Goal
| Method | Path | Purpose |
| ------ | -------------- | -------------------------------- |
| POST | /category | users can create decks |
| PUT | /category/:id | user can edit their created decks |
| DELETE | /category/:id | user can delete their created decks|


 ## Wireframes

 
![Sign-In](./wireframes/Sign%20In.png)
![Sign-Up](./wireframes/Sign%20Up.png)
![Profile](./wireframes/Profie%20Page.png)
![Categories](./wireframes/Category%20Page.png)
![Create a deck](./wireframes/Create%20a%20deck%20Page.png)
![Decks](./wireframes/Decks%20Page.png)
![Card-Question](./wireframes/Card%20Page%20%5BQuestion%5D.png)
![Card-Answer](./wireframes/Card%20Page%20%5BAnswer%5D.png)



 # MVPs
- [] Build a frontend client using REACT
- [] Build a Mongodb database of users that can be accessed to create and login users
- [] Users are able to log out from the application
- [] Allow users to have the ability to upload their own profile picture
- [] Have one category with 2 decks for users to study from
- [] Allow users to favorite their deck
- [] Allow users to see all of their favorites 
- [] Allow users to update their profile 
- [] Allow users to delete their favorites 
- [] Allow users to see the cards that are inside the decks
- [] Allow users to type the answers to the questions in the deck of cards

# Stretch Goals
- [] Create multiple categories with at least 2 decks of flash cards
- [] Create an about DevelUp + page 
- [] Allow users to create a deck of flash cards
- [] Allow users to update and/or delete the deck of flash cards they have created
- [] Allow users to favorite deck of flash cards of their liking
- [] Allow users to create categories of the deck of flash cards
- [] Allow users to choose pre-sets of the difficulty level (Easy, Medium, Hard)

Commit message:

changed the restful routes back to original

README.md, after:

# DevelUp
A fullstack application that allows users to create flash cards and organize them by categories. Inside each category will have a list of decks. For example, inside a Web Developer catergory there might be a deck for React and Node.
Inside each deck will have a series of cards that contain questions of varying difficulties. A user can submit their answers to the questions and then the actual answer will be revealed. A user can utilize the app to see what topics they understand and what topics they need to improve on.
It's time to DevelUp! 

## User Stories
* As an unregistered user, I would like to sign up with name, username, email, and password
* As a registered user, I would like to sign in with email and password

##### As a signed in user: 
* I would like to be able to change my name and or username
* I would like to be able to add a profile picture
* I would like to be able to sign out
* I would like to see a list of card decks to study
* I would like the ability to add certain decks to my favorites
* I would like to have my own profile page which displays my favorite decks
* I would like to remove decks from my favorites list
* I would like to see the cards that are inside the decks
  - see the questions on the cards
  - after submitting see the actual answer

## Installation Instructions
- TBD

## Tech Used
* NodeJS
* Express
* React
* MongoDB
* Bootstrap


## [noSQL] Data Model Diagram

![and RD](DevelUp-ERD.png)

| Method | Path | Purpose |
| ------ | -------------- | -------------------------------- |
| GET | `/` | home page that allows user to sign in or sends user to create an account |
| GET | `/signup` | sign up page to allow user access to the site |
| POST | `/` | user signs in and gets redirected to `GET /category/index`  |
| POST | `/signup` | creates a new user, then redirects back to `GET /` to login |
| POST | `/profile` | updates a new user, then redirects back to `GET /` to login |
| UPDATE | `/user/:id` | updates a new user, then redirects back to `GET /` to login |
| GET | `/category/index` | page that shows all decks in the database |
| GET | `/logout` | allows the user to log out, then redirects back to `GET /` |
| GET | `/category/:id` | page that shows a specific category where users can choose a deck|
| PUT | `/category/:id/post` | user can favorite a deck and the user always stays on `GET /category/:id` |
| DELETE | `/category/:id/` | user can delete a favorite, the user always stays on `GET /category/:id` |
| POST | `/category/:id/post` | creates a deck, the user always stays on `GET /category/:id` |
| PUT | `/category/:id/` | user can update a deck card and the user always stays on `GET /category/:id` |
| DELETE | `/category/:id/` | user can delete all of their Cards, the user always stays on `GET /category/:id` |


**** Stretch Goals ****
| Method | Path | Purpose |
| ------ | -------------- | -------------------------------- |
| GET | `/category/:id/Card/:id` | page that shows a specific category where users can choose a card|
| POST | `/category/:id/Card:id` | creates a card, the user always stays on `GET /category/:id` |
| PUT | `/category/:id/Card` | user can update a card and the user always stays on `GET /category/:id` |
| DELETE | `/category/:id/Card` | user can delete of their cards, the user always stays on `GET /category/:id` |


 ## Wireframes

 
![Sign-In](./wireframes/Sign%20In.png)
![Sign-Up](./wireframes/Sign%20Up.png)
![Profile](./wireframes/Profie%20Page.png)
![Categories](./wireframes/Category%20Page.png)
![Create a deck](./wireframes/Create%20a%20deck%20Page.png)
![Decks](./wireframes/Decks%20Page.png)
![Card-Question](./wireframes/Card%20Page%20%5BQuestion%5D.png)
![Card-Answer](./wireframes/Card%20Page%20%5BAnswer%5D.png)



 # MVPs
- [] Build a frontend client using REACT
- [] Build a Mongodb database of users that can be accessed to create and login users
- [] Users are able to log out from the application
- [] Allow users to have the ability to upload their own profile picture
- [] Have one category with 2 decks for users to study from
- [] Allow users to favorite their deck
- [] Allow users to see all of their favorites 
- [] Allow users to update their profile 
- [] Allow users to delete their favorites 
- [] Allow users to see the cards that are inside the decks
- [] Allow users to type the answers to the questions in the deck of cards

# Stretch Goals
- [] Create multiple categories with at least 2 decks of flash cards
- [] Create an about DevelUp + page 
- [] Allow users to create a deck of flash cards
- [] Allow users to update and/or delete the deck of flash cards they have created
- [] Allow users to favorite deck of flash cards of their liking
- [] Allow users to create categories of the deck of flash cards
- [] Allow users to choose pre-sets of the difficulty level (Easy, Medium, Hard)
